** TODO

description / summary

real lexical analysis

short cuts:
  unenvy : envy unload
  envy !3trade : unload
  envied : show only loaded *.env

regression tests
  dimension swapping
  tests for .priv
  top-level switching

comparison operations -
  against the same envy symbolic name
    or against two different
  diff similarly named env files - shadowed report

in the 'envy list' and such, the marker is always 'x'
  instead, the marker should be dependent on where the file was loaded?

macro-ize?
  unshift(VAR, ' ', COMPONENTS)
  push(VAR, ' ', COMPONENTS)

might be a way to avoid the need for ETOP in the login scripts?

umask 0;  # Figure out how to run setuid 'envy'?

show loaded dimensions in PROMPT?

generate all shell scripts with perl templates
  keeps sh/csh in sync
  less chance of bugs

documentation for:
  site profile, etc
  window manager setup
  mention to be careful about '%' in crontab files?
  Envy::DB API
  envy help conf??

This afternoon I started prototyping some stuff for a graphical envy
module picker/cshrc creator. (Not sure whether I want to use the
dotfile generator or not.) I'm using perl-TK, so can directly use the
Envy::DB routines.
 
What I'm finding I need is the tree stuff we talked about
before. Basically I need to be able to query the DB to find dimensions
that are NOT loaded. (Dimensions that are loaded could maybe be
obtained from the ENVY_STATE and ENVY_DIMENSION environment
variables. I also need to query for children. Now most of this would
be more parsing of the .env files correct? I don't see where you
actually save the dimensions etc of files that aren't loaded. Any
thing you want me to keep in mind as I work on this? I'm thinking
it'll be a generic query subroutine in the DB.IN and some stuff in
envy.pl to add a 'envy.pl tree' command.


--------------------------------------- DONE

break up help into multiple sections

detect already installed envy and fetch existing config.pm?

avoid IO::* stuff to speed startup time

-verbose -silent

var:=value

require Envy $VERSION

error "BLAH is not defined for your site."

